0. How many different colors does each format support ?
A. BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion
	GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors
	JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million
	PNG: 24 bit, 16 million
1. Which of the formats supports animation?
A. GIF
2. What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
A. Lossy compression throws away some of the data in a file. 
   Lossless uses an algorithm to compress a file that is reversible, hence, 
   the quality of the file can move back and forth between the two states.
   
3. Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
A. JPEG
4. What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
A. File Allocation Table; when a file is deleted, the information in the
   address table is erased, but the file itself remains on the hard drive.

5. What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
A. Delete files using a secure delete option. That replaces the section on disc with all zeroes.

6. What’s stdint.h?
A. stdint.h is a header file that declares specified integer types as having a certain width.
 
7. What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
A. It makes clear that you intend to use the data a specific way.
   uint24_t means an integer that is exactly 24 bits wide.

8. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? (Assume a 32-bit architecture like the CS50 Appliance.)
A. BYTE is 1 byte
   DWORD is 4 bytes
   LONG is 4 bytes
   WORD is 2 bytes

9. What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally    called "magic numbers.)"
A. The first two bytes of a BMP is a WORD and denotes bfType, which specifies the file type. It must be
   set to the signature word BM (0x4D42) to indicate bitmap. 

10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
A.  bfSize specifies the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
    biSize specifies the size of the structure in bytes.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
A.  If biHeight is positive, the bitmap is a bottom-up DIB (device-independent bitmap)
    and its origin is the lower left corner.
    If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB (device-independent bitmap)
    and its origin is the upper left corner.

12.What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
A. The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of
   bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.

13.Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
A. fopen will return NULL if it cannot create the outfile to write to. I don't know why that might happen.

14.Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
A. I think it is because the program is reading in 1 RGB triple at a time. The header comments seem to confirm.

15.What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
A. biWidth is the width of the bitmap in pixels. If the width is 3, padding is necessary since
   the scanline must be a multiple of 4.
   3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9 bytes. 3 bytes are added to bring the scanline to 12 bytes.

16.What does fseek do?
A. Skips over any padding and looks for the next pixel (RGB triple)


17.What is SEEK_CUR?
A. This is an integer constant which, when used as the whence argument to the fseek or fseeko function,
   specifies that the offset provided is relative to the current file position

18.Whodunit?
A. Fozzie bear